Update documentation for lowerCamelCase field names (#1332)
bufbuild/protobuf-es: MANUAL.md

[MDN][js-style-guide-mdn], [Google][js-style-guide-google]) as well as [Node.js APIs][js-style-node] and
[browser APIs][js-style-fetch] use `lowerCamelCase`, and so do we.

> [!TIP]
> 
> Protobuf-ES relies on Protobuf's logic for `lowerCamelCase`, and escapes [reserved names](#reserved-names).

> > In some rare cases, Protobuf's logic leads to a name that isn't actually `lowerCamelCase`, see the specification [here](https://protobuf.com/docs/language-spec#default-json-names).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Protobuf-ES relies on Protobuf's logic for `lowerCamelCase`, and escapes [reserved names](#reserved-names).
> In some rare cases, Protobuf's logic leads to a name that isn't actually `lowerCamelCase`.
> See [the specification](https://protobuf.com/docs/language-spec#default-json-names) for more details.
```

Fixes the run-on.
